---
page_title: "cidaas_registration_field Data Source - cidaas"
---

# cidaas_registration_field (Data Source)

The data source `cidaas_registration_field` returns a list of registration fields available in your Cidaas instance.
You can apply filters using the `filter` block in your Terraform configuration.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cidaas_registration_field" "example" {
  filter {
    name   = "field_type"
    values = ["CUSTOM"]
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `registration_field` (Block List) The returned list of registration fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--registration_field))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The data source's unique ID.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute to filter on.
- `values` (Set of String) The value(s) to be used in the filter.

Optional:

- `match_by` (String) The type of comparison to use for this filter. Allowed values `exact`, `substring` and `regex`


<a id="nestedblock--registration_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registration_field`

Required:

- `field_key` (String) The unique name of the registration field.

Read-Only:

- `data_type` (String) The data type of the field.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to identify if a field is enabled.
- `field_type` (String) Specifies whether the field type is `SYSTEM` or `CUSTOM`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the group type.
- `internal` (Boolean) Flag to identify if a field is internal.
- `is_group` (Boolean) Flag to identify if a field is group field.
- `order` (Number) The order of the Field in the UI.
- `parent_group_id` (String) The ID of the parent registration group.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Flag to identify if a field is read only.
- `required` (Boolean) Flag to identify if a field is required in registration.

## Filterable Fields

* `parent_group_id`
* `field_type`
* `data_type`
* `field_key`
* `required`
* `internal`
* `read_only`
* `is_group`
* `enabled`
