---
page_title: "cidaas_social_provider Data Source - cidaas"
---

# cidaas_social_provider (Data Source)

The data source `cidaas_social_provider` returns a list of social providers available in your Cidaas instance.
You can apply filters using the `filter` block in your Terraform configuration.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cidaas_social_provider" "example" {
  filter {
    name   = "enabled_for_admin_portal"
    values = ["true"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "enabled"
    values = ["true"]
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The data source's unique ID.
- `social_provider` (Block List) The returned list of social providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--social_provider))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute to filter on.
- `values` (Set of String) The value(s) to be used in the filter.

Optional:

- `match_by` (String) The type of comparison to use for this filter. Allowed values `exact`, `substring` and `regex`


<a id="nestedblock--social_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `social_provider`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the social provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of the social provider.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag to identify if a provider is enabled.
- `enabled_for_admin_portal` (Boolean) A flag to identify if a social provider is enabled for the admin portal.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the social provider
- `name` (String) The name of the social provider configuration.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the social provider e.g; `google`, `facebook`, `linkedin` etc.
- `scopes` (Set of String) A list of scopes of the social provider.

## Filterable Fields

* `name`
* `provider_name`
* `enabled`
* `enabled_for_admin_portal`
