---
page_title: "cidaas_system_template_option Data Source - cidaas"
---

# cidaas_system_template_option (Data Source)

The data source `cidaas_system_template_option` returns a list of system templates optionsa that can be
configured to create a system template in your Cidaas instance. 
You can apply filters using the `filter` block in your Terraform configuration.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cidaas_system_template_option" "example" {
  filter {
    name   = "template_key"
    values = ["UN_REGISTER_USER_ALERT"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "role"
    values = ["USER_CREATE"]
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `system_template_option` (Block List) The returned list of system template options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--system_template_option))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The data source's unique ID.

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute to filter on.
- `values` (Set of String) The value(s) to be used in the filter.

Optional:

- `match_by` (String) The type of comparison to use for this filter. Allowed values `exact`, `substring` and `regex`


<a id="nestedblock--system_template_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_template_option`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to identify if a system template is enabled.
- `template_key` (String) The key of the template.

Optional:

- `template_types` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types))

<a id="nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_template_option.template_types`

Optional:

- `processing_types` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types))

Read-Only:

- `template_type` (String) The type of the template. e.g. `EMAIL`

<a id="nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_template_option.template_types.processing_types`

Optional:

- `verification_types` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types--verification_types))

Read-Only:

- `processing_type` (String) The processing type of the template. e.g. `LINK` or `CODE`
- `supported_tags` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types--supported_tags))

<a id="nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types--verification_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_template_option.template_types.processing_types.verification_types`

Read-Only:

- `usage_types` (Set of String) The usage type of the template. e.g. `MULTIFACTOR_AUTHENTICATION`
- `verification_type` (String) The verification type of the template. e.g. `EMAIL`


<a id="nestedatt--system_template_option--template_types--processing_types--supported_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_template_option.template_types.processing_types.supported_tags`

Read-Only:

- `optional` (Set of String) This lists provides the optional tags supported in a template content.
- `required` (Set of String) The required tags in a template. While creating a templates the required tags must be part of the content.

## Filterable Fields

* `template_key`
* `enabled`
