---
page_title: "cidaas_app Resource - cidaas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The App resource allows creation and management of clients in Cidaas system. When creating a client with a custom client_id and client_secret you can include the configuration in the resource. If not provided, Cidaas will generate a set for you. client_secret is sensitive data. Refer to the article Terraform Sensitive Variables https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/sensitive-variables to properly handle sensitive information.
  Ensure that the below scopes are assigned to the client with the specified client_id:
  cidaas:apps_readcidaas:apps_writecidaas:apps_delete
---

# cidaas_app (Resource)

The App resource allows creation and management of clients in Cidaas system. When creating a client with a custom `client_id` and `client_secret` you can include the configuration in the resource. If not provided, Cidaas will generate a set for you. `client_secret` is sensitive data. Refer to the article [Terraform Sensitive Variables](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/sensitive-variables) to properly handle sensitive information.

 Ensure that the below scopes are assigned to the client with the specified `client_id`:
- cidaas:apps_read
- cidaas:apps_write
- cidaas:apps_delete


## V2 to V3 Migration:
If you are migrating from v2 to v3, please note the following changes in the v3 version:

### Attributes not supported in app config anymore:

- client_secret_expires_at
- client_id_issued_at
- push_config
- created_at
- updated_at
- admin_client
- deleted
- app_owner

### Change in data types of some attribute

 - social_providers
 - custom_providers
 - saml_providers
 - ad_providers

 The above attributes now has to be provided as set of objects.

 #### Example:
 ```terraform
 {
  ...
  social_providers = [
    {
        logo_url      = "https://cidaas.com/logo-url"
        provider_name = "sample-custom-provider"
        display_name  = "sample-custom-provider"
        type          = "CUSTOM_OPENID_CONNECT"
        is_provider_visible = true
        domains = ["https://cidaas.de/]
    },
    {
        logo_url      = "https://cidaas.com/logo-url"
        provider_name = "sample-custom-provider"
        display_name  = "sample-custom-provider"
        type          = "CUSTOM_OPENID_CONNECT"
        is_provider_visible = true
        domains = ["https://cidaas.de/]
    },
  ]
 }
 ```

### V3 App Resource Highlights:

- The resource app can now be set up with minimal configuration. The following parameters are the only required ones to create an app.
In the [schema](#schema) section, only client_name is shown as **required** because the other attributes can be configured in common_configs.
However, each attribute must appear either in the main configuration block or in common_configs. `client_name` cannot be part of common_configs.

  - client_name
  - client_type
  - company_name                   
  - company_address                
  - company_website                 
  - allowed_scopes                
  - redirect_uris
  - allowed_logout_urls
- Attribute `common_configs` added to share same configuration across multiple apps. Pleas check the samples in **examples** directory that demonstrates the use of `common_configs`.
- If you need to override any specific attribute for a particular resource where the same attribute is available in `common_configs`, you can supply the main configuration attribute directly within the resource block.
- If your configuration involves a single resource or if the common configuration attributes are not shared across multiple resources we do not suggest using `common_configs`.

## Example Usage(V3 configuration)

```terraform
resource "cidaas_app" "sample" {
  client_type         = "SINGLE_PAGE"
  client_name         = "Terraform Example App"
  client_display_name = "The client Terraform Example App is a sample application designed to demonstrate the configuration of the terraform cidaas_app resource."
  redirect_uris       = ["https://cidaas.de/home"]
  allowed_logout_urls = ["https://cidaas.de/logout"]
  company_name        = "Cidaas"
  company_address     = "12 Wimsheim, Germany"
  company_website     = "https://cidaas.de"
  allowed_scopes      = ["profile", "email"]
}
```

**Note**: This sample configuration includes only the required attributes needed to create an app. The provider will automatically set default values of other attributes wherever applicable. For more examples, please refer to the examples folder and check the schema defination.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_name` (String) Name of the client.

### Optional

- `accent_color` (String) The accent color of the client. e.g., `#f7941d`. The value must be a valid hex colorThe default is set to `#ef4923`.
- `ad_providers` (Attributes List) A list of Active Directory identity providers that users can authenticate with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ad_providers))
- `additional_access_token_payload` (Set of String) Access token payload defination.
- `allow_disposable_email` (Boolean) Allow disposable email addresses. Default is set to `false` while creating an app.
- `allow_guest_login` (Boolean) Flag to specify whether guest users are allowed to access functionalities of the client. Default is set to `false`
- `allow_guest_login_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_guest_login_groups))
- `allow_login_with` (Set of String) allow_login_with is used to specify the preferred methods of login allowed for a client. Allowed values are EMAIL, MOBILE and USER_NAMEThe default is set to `['EMAIL', 'MOBILE', 'USER_NAME']`.
- `allowed_fields` (Set of String)
- `allowed_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_groups))
- `allowed_logout_urls` (Set of String) Allowed logout URLs for OAuth2 client.
- `allowed_mfa` (Set of String)
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) List of the origins allowed to access the client.
- `allowed_roles` (Set of String)
- `allowed_scopes` (Set of String) The URL of the company website. allowed_scopes is a required attribute. It must be provided in the main config or common_config
- `allowed_web_origins` (Set of String) List of the web origins allowed to access the client.
- `always_ask_mfa` (Boolean)
- `application_meta_data` (Map of String) A map to add metadata of a client.
- `auto_login_after_register` (Boolean) Automatically login after registration. Default is set to `false` while creating an app.
- `backchannel_logout_uri` (String)
- `background_uri` (String) The URL to the background image of the client.
- `blocking_mechanism_ref` (String)
- `bot_captcha_ref` (String)
- `bot_provider` (String)
- `captcha_ref` (String)
- `captcha_refs` (Set of String)
- `client_display_name` (String) The display name of the client.
- `client_id` (String) The client_id is the unqique identifier of the app. It's an optional attribute. If not provided, cidaas will gererate one for you and the state will be updated with the same
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client_id is the unqique identifier of the app. It's an optional attribute. If not provided, cidaas will gererate one for you and the state will be updated with the same
- `client_type` (String) The type of the client. The allowed values are SINGLE_PAGE, REGULAR_WEB, NON_INTERACTIVEIOS, ANDROID, WINDOWS_MOBILE, DESKTOP, MOBILE, DEVICE and THIRD_PARTY
- `client_uri` (String)
- `common_configs` (Attributes) The `common_configs` attribute is used for sharing the same configuration across multiple cidaas_app resources. It is a map of some attributes from the main configuration. Please check the list of the attributes that it supports in the common_confis section. if an attribute is available both common_config and main config then attribute from the main config will be considered to create an app (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs))
- `communication_medium_verification` (String)
- `company_address` (String) The company address.
- `company_name` (String) The name of the company that the client belongs to.
- `company_website` (String) The URL of the company website.
- `consent_page_group` (String)
- `consent_refs` (Set of String)
- `contacts` (Set of String) The contacts of the client.
- `content_align` (String) The alignment of the content of the client. e.g., `CENTER`. Allowed values are CENTER, LEFT and RIGHTThe default is set to `CENTER`.
- `custom_providers` (Attributes List) A list of custom identity providers that users can authenticate with. A custom provider can be created with the help of the resource cidaas_custom_provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_providers))
- `default_acr_values` (Set of String)
- `default_max_age` (Number) The default maximum age for the token in seconds. Default is 86400 seconds (24 hours).
- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `default_scopes` (Set of String)
- `description` (String)
- `editable` (Boolean) Flag to define if your client is editable or not. Default is `true`.
- `email_verification_required` (Boolean)
- `enable_bot_detection` (Boolean)
- `enable_classical_provider` (Boolean)
- `enable_deduplication` (Boolean) Enable deduplication.
- `enable_passwordless_auth` (Boolean) Enable passwordless authentication. Default is set to `true` while creating an app.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `fds_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable or disable fraud detection system. By default, it is enabled when a client is created
- `grant_types` (Set of String) The grant types of the client. The default value is set to `['implicit','authorization_code', 'password', 'refresh_token']`
- `group_ids` (Set of String)
- `group_selection` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_selection))
- `group_types` (Set of String)
- `hosted_page_group` (String) Hosted page group.
- `id_token_encrypted_response_alg` (String)
- `id_token_encrypted_response_enc` (String)
- `id_token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number) The lifetime of the id_token in seconds. Default is 86400 seconds (24 hours).
- `id_token_signed_response_alg` (String)
- `imprint_uri` (String) The URL to the imprint page.
- `initiate_login_uri` (String)
- `is_group_login_selection_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_hybrid_app` (Boolean) Flag to set if your app is hybrid or not. Default is set to `false`. Set to `true` to make your app hybrid.
- `is_login_success_page_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_register_success_page_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_remember_me_selected` (Boolean)
- `jwe_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to specify whether JSON Web Encryption (JWE) should be enabled for encrypting data.
- `jwks` (String)
- `jwks_uri` (String)
- `login_providers` (Set of String) With this attribute one can setup login provider to the client.
- `login_spi` (Attributes) A map defining the Login SPI configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_spi))
- `logo_align` (String)
- `logo_uri` (String)
- `media_type` (String) The media type of the client. e.g., `IMAGE`. Allowed values are VIDEO and IMAGEThe default is set to `IMAGE`.
- `mfa` (Attributes) Configuration settings for Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa))
- `mfa_configuration` (String)
- `mobile_number_verification_required` (Boolean)
- `mobile_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mobile_settings))
- `operations_allowed_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operations_allowed_groups))
- `password_policy_ref` (String)
- `pending_scopes` (Set of String)
- `policy_uri` (String) The URL to the policy of a client.
- `post_logout_redirect_uris` (Set of String)
- `primary_color` (String) The primary color of the client. e.g., `#ef4923`. The value must be a valid hex colorThe default is set to `#f7941d`.
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) Redirect URIs for OAuth2 client.
- `refresh_token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number) The lifetime of the refresh token in seconds. Default is 15780000 seconds.
- `register_with_login_information` (Boolean) Register with login information. Default is set to `false` while creating an app.
- `registration_access_token` (String)
- `registration_client_uri` (String)
- `request_object_encryption_alg` (String)
- `request_object_encryption_enc` (String)
- `request_object_signing_alg` (String)
- `request_uris` (Set of String)
- `required_fields` (Set of String) The required fields while registering to the client.
- `response_types` (Set of String) The response types of the client. The default value is set to `['code','token', 'id_token']`
- `role` (String)
- `saml_providers` (Attributes List) A list of SAML identity providers that users can authenticate with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_providers))
- `sector_identifier_uri` (String)
- `smart_mfa` (Boolean)
- `social_providers` (Attributes List) A list of social identity providers that users can authenticate with. Examples: Google, Facebook etc... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--social_providers))
- `sub` (String)
- `subject_type` (String)
- `suggest_mfa` (Set of String)
- `template_group_id` (String) The id of the template group to be configured for commenication. Default is set to the system default group.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (String)
- `token_endpoint_auth_signing_alg` (String)
- `token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number) The lifetime of the token in seconds. Default is 86400 seconds (24 hours).
- `tos_uri` (String) The URL to the TOS of a client.
- `user_consent` (Boolean) Specifies whether user consent is required or not. Default is `false`
- `userinfo_encrypted_response_alg` (String)
- `userinfo_encrypted_response_enc` (String)
- `userinfo_signed_response_alg` (String)
- `validate_phone_number` (Boolean) if enabled, phone number is validaed. Default is set to `false` while creating an app.
- `video_url` (String) The URL to the video of the client.
- `web_message_uris` (Set of String) A list of URLs for web messages used.
- `webfinger` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--ad_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ad_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--allow_guest_login_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_guest_login_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String)

Optional:

- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `roles` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--allowed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String)

Optional:

- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `roles` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs`

Optional:

- `accent_color` (String)
- `ad_providers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--ad_providers))
- `allow_guest_login` (Boolean)
- `allow_login_with` (Set of String)
- `allowed_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--allowed_groups))
- `allowed_logout_urls` (Set of String)
- `allowed_mfa` (Set of String)
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String)
- `allowed_roles` (Set of String)
- `allowed_scopes` (Set of String)
- `allowed_web_origins` (Set of String)
- `always_ask_mfa` (Boolean)
- `auto_login_after_register` (Boolean)
- `bot_provider` (String)
- `client_type` (String)
- `company_address` (String)
- `company_name` (String)
- `company_website` (String)
- `custom_providers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--custom_providers))
- `default_max_age` (Number)
- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `default_scopes` (Set of String)
- `editable` (Boolean)
- `email_verification_required` (Boolean)
- `enable_classical_provider` (Boolean)
- `enable_deduplication` (Boolean)
- `enable_passwordless_auth` (Boolean)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `fds_enabled` (Boolean)
- `grant_types` (Set of String)
- `hosted_page_group` (String)
- `id_token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number)
- `is_hybrid_app` (Boolean)
- `is_remember_me_selected` (Boolean)
- `login_providers` (Set of String)
- `logo_align` (String)
- `media_type` (String)
- `mfa` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--mfa))
- `operations_allowed_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--operations_allowed_groups))
- `pending_scopes` (Set of String)
- `primary_color` (String)
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String)
- `refresh_token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number)
- `register_with_login_information` (Boolean)
- `response_types` (Set of String)
- `saml_providers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--saml_providers))
- `social_providers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_configs--social_providers))
- `template_group_id` (String)
- `token_lifetime_in_seconds` (Number)
- `webfinger` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--ad_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.ad_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--allowed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.allowed_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String)

Optional:

- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `roles` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--custom_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.custom_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--mfa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.mfa`

Optional:

- `allowed_methods` (Set of String)
- `setting` (String)
- `time_interval_in_seconds` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--operations_allowed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.operations_allowed_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String)

Optional:

- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `roles` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--saml_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.saml_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--common_configs--social_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_configs.social_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `social_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--custom_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--group_selection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_selection`

Optional:

- `always_show_group_selection` (Boolean)
- `selectable_group_types` (Set of String)
- `selectable_groups` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--login_spi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_spi`

Optional:

- `oauth_client_id` (String)
- `spi_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mfa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa`

Optional:

- `allowed_methods` (Set of String) Optional set of allowed MFA methods.
- `setting` (String) Specifies the Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) setting. Allowed values are 'OFF', 'ALWAYS', 'SMART', 'TIME_BASED' and 'SMART_PLUS_TIME_BASED'.
- `time_interval_in_seconds` (Number) Optional time interval in seconds for time-based Multi-Factor Authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--mobile_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mobile_settings`

Optional:

- `bundle_id` (String)
- `key_hash` (String)
- `package_name` (String)
- `team_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--operations_allowed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operations_allowed_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String)

Optional:

- `default_roles` (Set of String)
- `roles` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--saml_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `display_name` (String)
- `domains` (Set of String)
- `is_provider_visible` (Boolean)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--social_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `social_providers`

Required:

- `provider_name` (String)
- `social_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# The import identifier in this command is the client_id of the app to be imported.

terraform import cidaas_app.sample client_id
```