---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cidaas_password_policy Resource - cidaas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Password Policy resource in the provider allows you to manage the password policy within the Cidaas.
  Note that resource creation is not allowed, only updates are permitted after the resource has been imported.
  Ensure that the below scopes are assigned to the client with the specified client_id:
  cidaas:password_policy_readcidaas:password_policy_write
---

# cidaas_password_policy (Resource)

The Password Policy resource in the provider allows you to manage the password policy within the Cidaas.
Note that resource creation is not allowed, only updates are permitted after the resource has been imported.

 Ensure that the below scopes are assigned to the client with the specified `client_id`:
- cidaas:password_policy_read
- cidaas:password_policy_write

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cidaas_password_policy" "sample" {
  minimum_length       = 8
  lower_and_uppercase  = true
  no_of_digits         = 1
  expiration_in_days   = 30
  no_of_special_chars  = 1
  no_of_days_to_remind = 1
  reuse_limit          = 1
  maximum_length       = 20
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `expiration_in_days` (Number) The number of days after which the password expires.
- `lower_and_uppercase` (Boolean) Specifies whether the password must contain both lowercase and uppercase letters.
- `maximum_length` (Number) The maximum length allowed for the password. The `maximum_length` must be greater than `minimum_length`
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum length required for the password. The `minimum_length` must be greater than or equal to the sum of `no_of_special_chars`, `no_of_digits`, and `lowercase/uppercase` characters.
- `no_of_days_to_remind` (Number) The number of days before the password expiration to remind the user to change their password.
- `no_of_digits` (Number) The required number of digits in the password.
- `no_of_special_chars` (Number) The required number of special characters in the password.
- `reuse_limit` (Number) The number of previous passwords that cannot be reused. This number cannot exceed 5.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the password policy. This will be set to the same value as the import identifier.
While the cidaas API does not require an identifier to import password policy, Terraform's import command does. Therefore, you can provide any arbitrary string as the identifier.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# The cidaas API does not require an identifier to import password policy but Terraform's import command does.
# Therefore, you can provide any arbitrary string as the identifier. It will be set to the `id` attribute in the schema.

terraform import cidaas_password_policy.resource_name cidaas
```
